Logging :
    1. we use System.out.println(); to print error on console in our apps
    2. But when we deploy our app on server for production, then we need to view those error while debugging on certain place after code runs, in such case Logging works
    3. Also, we can get flow of our application using logs, it helps to track where exactly the code crashes and thus eases debugging
    4. To write logs in java we use frameworks like 'logback' and abstract layer implementation on top of logback called 'slf4j'
    5. Logging frameworks allow us to configure log levels, log file locations, formats, and messages.
    6. There are lots of logging frameworks like : log4J, java.util.logging (JUL), tiny log, logback, etc
    7. "Logback" comes with spring boot in starter dependency so we don't need to add other dependency in it
    8. Elements of Logging Framework :
        1. Logger : Capture the messages
            Log Levels :
                FATAL – application cannot continue (very severe error or fatal error)
                ERROR – runtime errors
                WARN  – something unexpected but application still works
                INFO  – normal application flow messages
                DEBUG – information about the flow of the system for developer
                TRACE – very detailed logs, used for deep debugging
            Creation of logs :
                1. First make a private static final object of Logger in service and use LoggerFactory.getLogger method to create an object imported from, import org.slf4j.Logger; and LoggerFactory from import org.slf4j.LoggerFactory;
                2. then we can use
                    log.error("error log");
                    log.warn("warn log");
                    log.info("info log");
                    log.debug("debug log");
                    log.trace("trace log");
                   these methods in any method
                3. But when we run that method debug and trace won't run because by default only logs till info are enabled and debug and trace are disabled
                4. If we want to see debug and trace logs, we have to enable it by setting the log levels
                    Setting the Log Levels :
                                                    FATAL
                                                    ERROR
                                                    WARN
                                                    INFO
                                                     ^
                                              enabled by default
                                                  Log level
                                              disabled by default
                                                     v
                                                    DEBUG
                                                    TRACE
                            We have to enable DEBUG and TRACE to see these logs
                            In application.properties file, use logging.level.(package_name_of_service)=TRACE
                            Example :
                                1. For service layer : logging.level.com.shikhilrane.shikhil.prod_ready_features.clients=TRACE
                                2. Setting log level for different package : logging.level.com.shikhilrane.shikhil.prod_ready_features.config=debug
                                3. Setting log level to root : logging.level.root=TRACE
                            Now we can see see all the logs till TRACE
                5. Write log.info() in try block before return statement and log.error() in catch block before throw statement, to print specific logs
                6. We can write .error() logs in onStatus() as well to see what exactly happen

        2. Formatter : Formats the message captured by the Logger
        3. Handler : Dispatches the messages by printing them on the console or storing them in a file, sending an email, etc.
